I'm sharing the recipe to a killer B2B
homepage that builds trust and
[Music]
converts hey I'm Sam Ding and to grab my
free B2B website and SEO playbooks try
out my daily newsletter or if you're
ready to apply to work with me head over
to samd dunn. org there's a test I like
to run which I believe was originally
coined by Donald Miller it's called the
runt test and that means could you stick
your website homepage in front of a
caveman sitting in his cave in caveman
times he sees the laptop fired up he
sees your website homepage for the first
time and without having a clue who you
are could he grunt exactly what you do
how it helps him and how to reach out
how to get in touch or take that next
step with you if you couldn't grun that
within a few seconds then your website
is not hitting the mark and think of it
from a Target custom customer Target
client perspective if they've came to
you perhaps from an ad from SEO from an
email from social been referred over and
they don't quickly get an idea of what
you do what's in it for them and how to
take that next step then they're
probably get frustrated bounce off your
site and head to a competitor that gives
them another experience so it's vital
that your website homepage passes that
grunt test so some guilty things that
many companies bad things that many
companies are guilty of in the B2B Tech
space for example so many software or
SAS sites you go onto them and have a
headline like a 360 degree all-in-one
turbocharge way to 20x your Revenue
allinone enablement platform and you're
you've read the headline you're
scrolling through and you're still not
exactly sure what they do the juicy
problem they're going to fix for you or
how they're going to improve your life
or help you get something done and
you're scrolling away and you're just
really not sure if this is actually
worth your time or even what they do and
again you're going to bounce off so I'm
going to share four different Frameworks
for homepage headlines and then a few
best practices for your B2B homepage so
jumping straight in straight away if we
look at the site I'm actually building
out for my new business breaking bb.com
that's being built as I record this so
I've gone with a crystal clear headline
so I've got a small bit of text at the
top breaking B2B break free from
B2B marketing and our main headline is
B2B SEO and web design for Revenue not
vanity so we're going from the angle
that a lot of websites are built for ego
rather than for focused clients our
websites and SEO campaigns are actually
going to drive qualified leads and
revenue so that's the crystal clear
approach the framework for that is
basically we do X that improves why
Crystal Clear way of saying what you do
and the end result and then a clear call
to action on on the top of this homepage
above a fold for book a cool and then
we've got a video next to it of myself
just a one minute and a half video
explaining kind of the problems we fixed
who we help um so that's action one
that's option one for the homepage
headline option two is going super
focused so I'm looking at winter.com Wy
nt.com they help you run message message
testing for B2B with your target market
so target market can review your
homepage or certain parts of your site
and give you feedback on the messaging
what they think what can be improved um
their headline is target market insights
platform for B2B SAS Market marketers
and then it's get answers to your
questions about your Target customers in
under 48 hours so it's super clear on
what they do winter message testing is
actually in a a very Niche specific
Market there's not really any any other
companies that that do what they do so
they've been crystal clear on the author
but another way you could do this let's
say you provided calendar scheduling a
specific way to go in with your headline
might be picking out a niche target
market that only you serve so that's how
you stand out because that's your
differentiator so it could be calendar
calendar scheduling Made Easy for
construction companies for example or
remove the headaches from calendar
scheduling for your construction
business so that's another way of the
specific example on example
two number three example for headline is
problem Centric so I'm looking at
proposify decom these guys help you make
sales proposals and documents to speed
up your sales process so their headline
is untangle your sales document process
with the leading proposal software and
then the sub headline proposify proposal
software helps growing teams remove
document bottlenecks get visibility into
the most important stage of your sales
cycle the close so they're basically
saying that building out sales documents
sales proposals can be a headache you
can make that make your life a lot
easier save the back and forth you can
untangle which is a really nice way of
describing it and basically get sales
proposals that are going to close deals
so think about a juicy problem or a
headache that prospects typically come
to you to fix and your head headline
you're talking about how you remove that
headache in one clear sentence so that's
option three talking about the problem
that you fix in your headline and how
you address it and then they've got a
couple clear tool cool to actions so
above the fold they've got start a free
trial book a demo and then next to that
they've got that video so you can get a
snapshot of the demo before actually
booking a cool with
sales and then the last option so option
four a headline that you could go for
which I quite like is picking an enemy
so what is it you hate about your
industry that you're completely against
so in our case for B2B SEO and web
design and Dev that could be most B2B
SEO companies promise the Earth and
deliver Jack whereas we don't work with
everyone we take the time to understand
your goals and the outcomes you want to
achieve to see if we can help with you
we only work with a select few B2B
service or technology companies it's
basically going against what you hate
about your industry think about that one
one thing that prospects moan about
about all the time how do you
address that how are you different and
you can leverage that in your homepage
that's option four that you can go for
so if we talk about typical best
practices for the actual General layout
of a homepage we've talked about the
headline typically you have a call to
action above the fold before scroll that
might be request a call um you could
also have a lighter touch headline like
viewr results view our customer case
studies or maybe download a free Le lead
Magnet or get a free guide or something
like that um usually you want an image
if you're a software company you want to
be able to show the goods before people
need to speak to sales so look at
proposify for example they've got a
video
demo um you might have an interactive
demo if you're a software service or if
you're more of a service provider you
might have a video example or you might
have example of client results then
usually just before scroll you've got
kind of example logos of companies
you've helped so for example my breaking
B2B site I've got B2B Tech and service
companies trust us to deliver sales
Pipeline and some logos some of the key
Brands we've helped and then a link out
a call to action to view those customer
results then usually as you scroll down
you've got more in- depth details about
the offer or the service then typically
some customer results of testimonials I
like to have testimonials with the
client pictures so you can actually link
a face to the name their name and then
their job role so for example I've got
Justin row who's from the number one B2B
LinkedIn ads agency
impactable and then a description of
kind of why he recommends me and our
team and how we can help and then just
above the bottom of the site on the
footer we've got another cool to action
see if we can grow your B2B business and
then book a cool whereas winter they've
got a similar framework on their message
testing site they've got the headline
they've got either schedule a demo or
sign up free as that cool to actions
they've got a nice gift that literally
shows the product in action because you
got to remember if you're a software
company people want to see the offer and
how it works before they're ready to
speak to sales you want to remove that
buyer anxiety show some proof of results
show them how you help how the tools
going to improve their business or fix a
problem and again they've got logos of
Brands they helped some proof of results
for some Brands and then as you scroll
down they're telling you about how the
product works they've got more images of
the offer some testimonials describing
exactly how this fixes kind of prospects
pain points talking about some of the
results they achieve by a 75% increase
in X
result and then they've got a bit of a
demo and then call to action to either
sign up free or book another demo there
just above the footer so generally
that's a framework that I recommend for
homepages I don't recommend making your
homepage too long as the further you
scroll down typically the less people
actually engage with the site so usually
the longer it is often the less people
will actually scroll down you got to
remember if someone's jumping on your
homepage they usually unless they know
you well already they're time sensitive
if they're stumbling across your website
from an ad from an SEO organic search
email social recommendation whatever
they just want to flick on get a clear
idea of what you do juicy problem you
fix how it's going to help them going to
see those proof of results from the
brands you've worked with testimonials
Etc get a bit of a clearer idea of what
you do and then they're either going to
flick on further through your site
perhaps through service Pages
testimonial results Pages learn a bit
more maybe check out your some of your
free resources and then when they're
ready they're going to schedule that
call or request that damage and there
you have it I hope you found my homepage
breakdown of use if you want to grab
more B2B SEO and website tips and
playbooks try out my daily newsletter or
if you're ready to apply to work with me
head over to Sam Dunning org cheers for
tuning in